Okay one thing in view proof area that need to fix You see thi bubble map here, if it's about a transactions or stuffs like that it should pull bubble of like where that transactions goes to what the wallet is holding etc informations about the transactions comes up on bubble okay not the token or the chain okay ??? And there should get and if it's about a coin then pull bubble of that coin contract address you get and it should be bubble like of the bubbles area style and also need more detail on context feed and view proof ai in terms on informations you get mainly in view proof more detail and long okay ? This coming soon area second image price of that should be 6$ and 15 $ for premium not 99 and 19$ okay ??? And live event on context feed should be up to 100-200 okay ? Pulling every 20 scs on each chains you get its slow and low rn okay ?? Third image of wallet to see base chain logo not showing make it show same as optimism or remove it okay ??!!? And also the non custodial wallet when created to be connect with that account okay and can create up to 5 you feel me make it well think well and let it be like trust wallet all wallets look at the image don't make it complicated look at how trust wallet is and how each wallet set up is okay fully non custodial,and top movers change the ui and flow to be like thi trust wallet close replica but more cool okay ? Make settings fully functional okay ? And also when you create wallet when you want to login back it should ask for password and when creating you set up password, add up a back icon on top left from that steins wallet area okay and make main base logo pull real make dna analyzer work like a real DNA analyzer okay give fully long wig bubble map of the wallet of users goes okay as users create new or another wallet every flow and scanner dna analyzer portfolio etc reflect for that new coin security and clean really important okay ? look at that exchange intergration area no real coins logo make it pull real logo and also real data okay ??? That steinz terminal feature area make that steinz terminal text smaller and make and put up a back icon okay ? Make smart alert work more add more ui features and ux features fully finctinal in that area, bubble map area in image you see that botton that says analyze make the bottom smaller on mobile okay and make texts smaller so it won't overlay okay to sit up well in next image you see vtx agent you see that green icon and live text make them come down a bit they not t visible really well okay ? And add more agent settings tjose ones are little and make it a navigation to open setting and make history of chat there not on the chat to get and a botton 